[12.0][ADD] website_snippet_product_category (#360)
OCA/e-commerce: website_snippet_product_category/readme/USAGE.rst

#. Go to website (frontend)
#. Press 'Edit' button
#. Drag the 'Product Category' snippet to the place of the website that you want
#. Save changes

Theming
~~~~~~~

> * `.categ_container` > The container per master category
> * `.categ_tree_level` > The category row (image + text)
> * `.main_tree_level` > The first category row level displayed
> * `.categ_link` > The link of the category row
> * `.categ_img` > The container of the icon of the category row

Reviewer: Remember this is RST, not MD. Single-backtick is a link; double is code:

```suggestion
* `.categ_container` > The container per master category
* ``.categ_tree_level`` > The category row (image + text)
* ``.main_tree_level`` > The first category row level displayed
* ``.categ_link`` > The link of the category row
* ``.categ_img`` > The container of the icon of the category row
```

BTW thanks for documenting this! :raised_hands:

Author: :sob:

> You can use 'data-tree-level' attribute to select the category row of a selected 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use ``data-tree-level`` attribute to select the category row of a selected 
```

level (1-4 by design).

> Also you can replace the entire template replacing the 'data-template' attribute value 
> in the `s_product_category_options` view. You only need know that the name 
> of the variable that have all the categories is called `object`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also you can replace the entire template replacing the ``data-template`` attribute value 
in the ``s_product_category_options`` view. You only need know that the name 
of the variable that have all the categories is called ``object``.
```
